Kara-Murza E.S. Methodological material for the topic "Obscene vocabulary and similar to it to the extent of confusion as objects of linguistic expertise
kungurov LEXICOGRAPHIC AND RITORICAL COMMENTARY 
 The methodist has not been able to find out the original source of the slogan-is it ancient Roman?  The avatar creates an image of a "warrior of the spirit"; the Methodist does not know whether it is a real photo of the author or an "image" photo. http://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/%CA%F3%ED%E3%F3%F0%EE%E2,_%C0%EB%E5%EA%F1%E5%E9_%C0%ED%E0%F2%EE%EB%FC%E5%E2%E8%F7 Алексей Кунгуров)
Fedya, take a shit in your own glade! (THE AGENDA is POLEMICALLY addressed to the author's subject of harsh criticism, and this is not the first text the author has ever addressed to this person in his own blog)

October 22 /2013/ http://kungurov.livejournal.com/69283.html 
The genre of the publication in ZhJ is a critical review with the declared anti-advertising goal - to turn potential viewers away from viewing, to reduce the profits of the "project" and personally the director F. Bondarchuk. The illustrations are two demotivators. The first one is homoerotically colored and is supposed to reinforce the sharply negative image of F. Bondarchuk's character.

1. Today I was invited to a live broadcast of the TV-channel "Komsomolskaya Pravda" to discuss another film-curse (the dictionary does not contain the verb; infinitive is vulg.; to express what is troubling) by Bondarchuk, "Stalingrad". But since the studio is in Moscow and I am in Novosibirsk, it did not work out. That is why I am stating here what I would have said if I had been on TV. MATHETEXT REASON FOR THE TELEVISION OF THE TELEVISION - "NOT TO BE ON THE TELEVISION BOARD" 

2.The feelings I have about the Bondarchuk product* are disgust for the *product itself and disgust for its creators. And the accompanying PR hype is sharply irritating. THESIS-1 A NEGATIVE EVALUATION OF A FILM PRODUCT THROUGH FEELINGS IN AN ART HISTORICAL LOGIC / TOPIC: THE OPPOSITION OF TRUE VALUES OF ART TO THE FALSE VALUES OF CONSUMERISM 
I'll explain why. METATEXT-DEMONSTRATION infuriates that primitive consumerism (not in the dictionary, occasionalism, "similar to the point of confusion," a sharply negative assessment of a market product. From consume + B-d + -IN- (suff. Abstr.) are trying to sell *, as art. ARGUMENT -1 IN THE FORM OF ANTITETICAL JUDGMENT But this is precisely consumptive, a product for satisfying the need for a spectacle in cattle (collective, rude, contemptuous, profanity - about people stupid, spiritually undeveloped, submissive and uncomplainingly do k-ly hard work, while having a sense of the herd). HE TRANSFERS TO ANTI-THESIS 2 How is art different from consumerism? Art, in this case*, cinema art*, is something that requires mental effort, spiritual labor from the viewer. Consumerism *is* merely entertaining. Art develops man aesthetically, intellectually, morally (educates), *enriches emotionally; art is always higher than the one who turns to it, and sometimes it is even higher than its creator. To create a great work, one must leap above one's head. In order to perceive it, you must likewise, figuratively speaking, lift yourself by the hair out of the swamp (for those who do not understand the metaphor, read the adventures of Baron Munchausen). Consumerism, on the other hand, is always aimed not even at the average level of the potential customer, but at the lowest possible level of development, for this*, and only this, provides a wide target audience. ARGUMENTATION-2 IS TECHNICALLY DIVISIVE, THROUGH A PARALLEL DETAILED CHARACTERIZATION OF CONTRASTING PHENOMENA  

3 Art is self-sufficient. It does not matter that Van Gogh could not sell his paintings in his lifetime, nor does it matter that now some fleeting sketch of his sells for millions of dollars. Dürer's and Rembrandt's works are not for sale at all and have no market price, so what? Consumption is a purely utilitarian phenomenon, there is a very specific criterion for its evaluation - the box office. If the expenses are recouped (not in the dictionary, jarg. Crim-econ., returned with a profit?) and the investors have received a hesheft (simple, disapproving or ironic), then* the film project is successful, if they suffered a loss, then they made a shitty movie (jarg.; deceit, fraud, falsification). CONTINUATION OF THE ARGUMENTATION ALONG THE SAME LINES

4. Consumption is a market product, art is not. Nightclubs and strip bars only make sense if they are profitable. Nobody calls for the abolition of libraries, museums, and organ halls just because they are unprofitable. Yes, there is a tendency for this, but for now this idea is far from becoming mainstream. Consequently, even in a rapidly degrading (dehumanizing) society, there remains the possibility of preserving humanity's accumulated spiritual and intellectual potential. If anyone has trouble understanding the meaning of the word "dehumanization," let me explain in simpler terms: this is the global process of turning a thinking and creative person into a member of a consumer society, where an individual's status in the social hierarchy is determined exclusively by the amount of material goods he consumes: if you drive a Bentley and play the stock market, then* If the costs are recouped (not in the dictionary, sorry. Crim-econ.., If they incurred a loss, it means that they made a rubbish film (sorry, deceit, fake).Continued Argumentation by the Same Scheme, PLUS THESIS 3 WITHIN DEGUMANIZATION, PLUS TOPOS "THE MAN", also on the contras.

5. So, Fedka Bondarchuk's product is primitive consumerism, designed for degenerates. I do not rule out the possibility that he will be able to make a buck (jarg, to get money) from his shoddy work (just, side-earning, work//bad work).  CONCLUSION - CONCLUSION And I wouldn't care one bit about all this rotten fiddling in show business if it weren't for two things. The first is that Fedka, the bitch (coarse-simple, profanity), got into my pocket, that is, he made his crap (coarse-simple, worthless, garbage) with budget money. Do your perversions at your own expense, there will be no complaints.  And second, and most importantly, the bald degenerate took a loud, rich, and smelly shit (vulg., to disgust, to crap on someone) in my spiritual well. After that, helpless arguments like "if you don't like it, don't look" won't work anymore (jargon, to impersonate someone//approach, be by the way).  Hear* (pl.) you, you glamorous, cocaine-fueled schmuck (jarg, stupid, filthy, morally deranged ch-c-c, causing contempt of others (INVERTIVE, WRONG DEFERENCE TO THE MAIN DISCRIMINATIVE PERSON OF THE TEXT IN RITORICAL, SECOND DIALOGUE)), make movies about yours, about the native - about fucking (t a b u, intercourse, intercourse), about dough, about everything that makes up the meaning of your degenerate brat's existence, lick the Führer until you get blood blisters on your tongue. You can even continue to engage in movie mockery of the Strugatsky's - it will in no way diminish the value of the books themselves. But you, scum (rude, scoundrel, scoundrel, scumbag, traitor - THAT BRANCH FUNCTION), have fouled (simple, soiled MF) our war. THE GRADUATION OF CRITICISM WITH A TRANSITION TO ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL-IDELOGICAL TOPIC TRANSITION TO A QUASIDIAL MODE OF PERSONAL ABUSE AND RESPONSIBILITY: DISCUSSION (and PROPOSED DEFENDENCY)

6. Disclosing the essence of the charge (jarg, claim, accusation). METATEXT - DEMONSTRATION For me and other Soviet (Russian) people, the Great Patriotic War is a cornerstone of historical consciousness, an essential element of national identity. Great nations were born in great battles: Japan was admitted to the club of world powers only after Tsushima, Great Britain ruled the world after Trafalgar, even little Israel proved its right to exist only after winning a deadly battle with all its neighbors (you may not like Jews, but you cannot disrespect Israelis after that). The military, economic and spiritual heyday of my country dates back to the middle of the twentieth century, and our might was unanimously acknowledged by the whole world, friends and foes alike, the moment the red flag waved in the May wind over Berlin. It was accomplished with a supercilious effort, for which the super price was paid. The war demanded such spiritual intensity from the nation in which our cultural matrix, to put it abstrusely, was smelted. To be Russian for me means to *recognize my unbreakable connection with those who wrote on the wall of the Reichstag the succinct "Stalingrad - Berlin. We made it!" and the connection with those whose bones were used by those who were able to inscribe it. Yes, children lost the victory of their fathers, but as long as there are carriers (keepers) of the matrix "Stalingrad - Berlin. We made it!", the nation has a chance for rebirth. THE REASONING IS HISTORICAL, BY ANALOGY. PLUS THROUGH THE TOPOS OF CONNECTION WITH AUDITORY (ours, ours...) plus through the ISPOVED TONALITY ("I am Russian").

7. And so *some* fuck-ups (not in the dictionary, a sharply negative evaluation, perhaps a euphemism for a dysphemism) decide that sacred values not belonging to them should be *monetized and disposed of in the process of making a profit. ANTITESIS OF OPPONENTS Well hoole (t a b u; what for, why), they are too late to saw off (jarg., division) the oil fields and steel mills, they are only six-timers (jarg.; being in full submission to someone) to those serious *guys (simply, a boy; member of a criminal boy group) who are lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time. This is how they got their hands on things that were of no value to serious *boys. However, the serious guys supported the idea of their sixes. THE NEW COLLECTIVE PERSONAL PERSONAL: THE "OWNERS" OF THE OPPONENTS; THEY SUPPORT ANTITESIS, and that's what they're counting on. DEMONSTRATION OF ARGUMENTS After all, they took our property (those very deposits and mills), and now they have a problem - to keep it. Otherwise, the legal owner can claim his rights. And who is the rightful owner? That's right - the Soviet people (if you like it better, you can call it the Russian people). It is not possible to physically destroy the people, and it is not expedient, because the masters need slaves. But it is possible to destroy the national identity and format the mass consciousness in such a way that no Russian spirit would remain - there would only be model slaves, disciplined consumers with a sterile "panhuman" consciousness. VOICES POLYPHONY: the author addresses the AUDITORY (ours... And who? Right,...) and STYLES WITH THE VOICE OF "THE MASTERS" WITH THE PLAN OF THE FALSE ACTIONS AGAINST THE SOVET/RUSSIAN PEOPLE


The Russian cultural matrix is destroyed and replaced by a surrogate. What is Stalingrad? In about 10 years the school kids will have it down: Stalingrad is a brand of vodka, Stalingrad is a computer game in which brave American Marines win the war, and Stalingrad is a song about Putin. Oh, and Stalingrad is a Columbia Pictures remake of Enemy at the Gates. The blockbuster tells the tragic fate of a Russian whore (roughly, a woman of easy virtue, a slut, a prostitute), brutally murdered by a Bolshevik sniper* and a noble Aryan knight who avenges the death of his chick (not in the dictionary, jarg, girl) by mopping up (jarg., kill) all the subhuman shovks (simply disparaged, Soviet conformist, pro-socialist, ...philistine), though sacrificing his own life in the process. ANOTHER COLLECTIVE PERSONAge - SHKOLOTA - WITH HIS PRESENT IMAGINATION, IRONICALLY TRANSLATED BY THE AUTHOR DEMOTIVATOR SUPPLIES THE IDEAS OF THE CONTRAST OF THE "GLOBALISTS" AND THE NATURAL "MATRIX" BY THE PRECEDENT IMAGE OF THE NATION - MATRIX HERE IS THE RITORICAL PRACTICE OF ADVOCATION TO ABSURD 

8. How do you stand up to the greedy fuckers (not in the dictionary; t a b u; sharply negative) in this conscientious battle? How do you develop immunity against the sweet ideological venom? After all, they have dough (money, jargon) in their hands, the TV screen, the state propaganda machine, corrupt film critics, shrewd producers and savvy marketing experts, administrative resources... THE CONCLUSION - THE DESCRIPTION OF ACTIONS MOTIVATED BY THE PREVENTION IS EXPRESSED AS A RITORICAL QUESTION TO THE TARGET AUDITORIES Not for bragging rights, but purely for *methodological purposes, I share my experience of resistance. I went to the movie the day it premiered*, and immediately wrote a review of "Fedya, where are the boobs?" (simple, boobs). The post had an audience of 150,000 users. Thanks to the viral effect (hundreds of reposts, over 10 thousand likes on Facebook, VKontakte, etc.) my review was read by at least half a million people in total (experts think it could have been more), despite the fact that the vigilant moderators cleaned the post from Yandex TOP at once. Even if the overall effort reduced the number of viewers of *fedi's crap by 50,000, it reduced the film's box office by 15 million rubles (and continues to do so). And what could be scarier for these creeps (not in the dictionary, a reminiscence of Strug?) than losing dough? A COMPLETE EXAMPLE of successful opposition to an IDEOLOGICAL AND AESTHETICAL opposer Shit elsewhere, you nits (simple, profane, contemptible, insignificant, vile, scum)! THE EMOTIONAL ENDING in the conditional DIALOGUE WITH THE COMPONENT, the collective negative personage of the text, also designated as "wankers", "fuckers" - a metaphorical and derogatory demand to the opponents to mind their own business, not to touch anything important. This END-REFREN corresponds to the headline "Fedya, shit (vulg.) in your glade!" Emotional attitude to expel the opponent - the ideological enemy.) 


Tagged: Bondarchuk, shit (vulg., vile, worthless person/thing, shit 1 and 2) nation (quote from Lenin), retarded in nature (jarg., really), intelligentsia, movie "Stalingrad"
Paid account, Created January 23, 2007 (#12111257), updated October 30, 2013 
Distribution of stylistically marked vocabulary by legalized divisions 
1. Obscene.
1) you, () make movies about your own, native - about fucking, () about all the things that make up the meaning of your degenerate brat's existence () 
2) /And then *some* assholes decide that sacred values that don't belong to them should be *monetized* and disposed of in the process of making a profit./ Well fuck it, they were too late to saw off the oil fields and metallurgical plants, they're just shitting on those serious *guys who were lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time. That's why they're reaching for the things that were of no value to the serious *guys.
3) How do you stand up to the greedy fuckers in this conscience battle? How do you develop immunity to the sweet ideological venom?
2. Similar to her "to the point of confusion"
1) What's infuriating is that they try to sell primitive consumerism* as art... () Here and elsewhere, this is an expressive negative-evaluation nomination of the product of mass consumer culture as a generalized object of the author's aesthetic critique, whereas the concrete object of the critique is the film, the blockbuster F.B. "Stalingrad 
2) And here *some* assholes decide that sacred values that don't belong to them should be *monetized and disposed of in the process of making a profit.



3. indecent.
1) Fedya, shit in your own glade! Compositionally, this is a shocking, unambiguously negative evaluative title; communicatively, it is the author's sarcastic and metaphorical advice to the main character and conditional addressee, F.B., to make films on subjects more in keeping with his way of life/thought, and hinting at the refusal to produce films on sacred, patriotic subjects
2)Today I was invited to a live broadcast on Komsomolskaya Pravda TV to discuss another Bondarchuk film excerpt, Stalingrad.
3) And all this rotten mess in show business would not bother me at all if it were not for two things. First - Fedka, bitch, went into my pocket, that is, he made his own shit on the budget money. Do your perversions at your own expense, there will be no complaints.  And second, most importantly, the bald degenerate took a loud, fat and smelly shit in my spiritual well. But you shit on our war, motherfucker. 
4)The blockbuster tells the tragic story of a Russian whore brutally murdered by a Bolshevik sniper* and a noble Aryan knight who avenges his chick's death by mopping up all the subhuman shovels, though he sacrifices his life in the process.
5) I went to see the movie the day it premiered*, and immediately wrote a review of "Fedya, where are the boobs?"
6) Even if the overall effort reduced the number of viewers of *fedi's crap by 50,000, it reduced the film's box office by 15 million rubles (and continues to do so).
4.The profanity (additional functional parameter) is.
1) The feelings I get from Bondarchuk's product* are disgust for the *product itself and disgust for its creators. And the accompanying PR hype causes severe irritation. I will explain why. What's annoying is that they're trying to sell this primitive consumerism* as art. But it's exactly the same: it's a product for the satisfaction of the common man's need to be entertained.
2) And all this rotten mess in show business wouldn't bother me at all if it weren't for two things. One - Fedka, the bitch, went into my pocket (). And two, most importantly, the bald degenerate took a loud, fat and smelly shit in my spiritual well. () Listen* you, glamorous cocaine-fueled scum, make movies about your own, your own native (...) But you, scum, shit on our war. 
3) Shit somewhere else, you nits!           
Literature
1) Sternin I.A. Indecent form of statement in the linguocriminalistic analysis of the text / http://konference.siberia-expert.com/publ/konferencija_2010/doklad_s_obsuzhdeniem_na_sajte/sternin_i_a_neprilichnaja_forma_vyskazyvanija_v_lingvokriminalisticheskom_analize_teksta/2-1-0-23

2) Kara-Murza E.S. Developments for the "Concept of information security of children" (within the framework of the collective project of Moscow State University and other universities) / manuscript in electronic form.
3) Kveslevich D.I. The Complete Dictionary of Non-Normative Language. - Moscow: AST-Astril, 2011.  