TsUKS GU EMERCOM of Russia
in the Nizhny Novgorod region
RUSSIAN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS MINISTRY
  Ministries and departments
HEADQUARTERS
MINISTRIES OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION of the Republic of Bashkortostan, organizations
FOR CIVIL DEFENSE,
EMERGENCIES AND LIQUIDATION (according to the list), heads of administrations
CONSEQUENCES OF NATURAL DISASTERS
municipalities
IN THE REPUBLIC OF BASHKORTOSTAN
(Main Directorate of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia
Republic of Bashkortostan, chiefs
for the Republic of Bashkortostan)
fire and rescue garrisons
st. March 8, 12/1, Ufa, 450005
Phone: (347) 252-59-52 Fax (347) 273-42-86 Republic of Bashkortostan
E-mail: cancel@02.mchs.gov.ru
Single hotline (347) 233-99-99
11 DSNUMBER
 _____________ No. ____________
On No. _______ dated ___________
         
About the direction of the forecast
Operational daily forecast of occurrence and development
emergency situations on the territory of the Republic of Bashkortostan
as of February 03, 2022
(prepared on the basis of information from the Federal State Budgetary Institution "Bashkir Department
on Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring, Office
Federal Service for Supervision of Consumer Rights Protection and
human well-being in the Republic of Bashkortostan, FBU "Avialesohrana",
Center for Space Weather Forecasts, IZMIRAN)
 
1. Situation over the past day (February 01, 2022)
On the territory of the Republic of Bashkortostan over the past day
9 man-made fires (APPG - 16), in which 1 person died, injured
no.
During the day, 6 accidents occurred in the republic, in which there were no fatalities,
injured 9 people.
1.1 The situation in the power systems and housing and communal services
Emergencies at housing and communal services facilities are not registered. Registered
incidents related to the emergency shutdown of central heating,
electricity, hot and cold water supply. Terms
the life of the population is not disturbed.
2
1.2 Meteorological situation
Over the past day, precipitation was observed in most regions of the republic.
in the form of snow and wet snow, up to 10 mm (Pavlovka weather station),
blizzard in places, drifting snow, fog, wet snow deposition at night (Meteorological station
Ulu-Telyak 2 mm), sleet on the roads. Air temperature during the day -3, + 2 ° С
(Meteorological station Arkhangelsk +2°С), in the southeast down to -5°С, at night -1.-6°С,
southeast to -10°C (Meteorological station Sibay).
1.3 Ice conditions and incidents on water bodies
On the territory of the republic, as of 02/02/2022, 3 ice
crossings (3 automobile, 0 pedestrian, 0 pedestrian and horse-drawn):
- Karaidel district, with. Karaidel, r. Ufa, ice thickness 50 cm,
carrying capacity 2 t, two lanes, width 50 m, crossing length 250 m, open
12/14/2021.
- Birsky district, Republic of Bashkortostan, Birsk, r. White, ice thickness
40 cm, carrying capacity 6 t, two lanes, width 20 m, crossing length 438 m,
opened on 12/23/2021.
- Krasnokamsky district, Republic of Bashkortostan with. Staroyanzigitovo,
R. White, ice thickness 58 cm, load capacity 12 t, one lane, width 100 m,
the length of the crossing is 800 m, opened on 12/27/2021.
There are 12 places of mass exit of people on the territory of the republic.
ice (traditional places for ice fishing) on ​​the territory of the Republic
Bashkortostan: lake. Shamsutdin Birsky district, lake. Aslykul s. Alga
Davlekanovsky district, Tuymazinsky reservoir. Tuymazy, lake. Kandrykul
With. Kandry Tuymazinsky district, r. Kama s. Nikolo-Berezovka Krasnokamsky
district, Pavlovskoye vdkhrn. With. Pavlovka, Nurimanovskiy district, r. Ufa Ufa,
R. Belaya Ufa, oz. Bath village Kusimovsky mine of the Abzelilovsky district,
lake White s. Beloe Ozero Gafurysky district, Nugush reservoir. With. Nugush
Meleuzovsky district.
  There have been no accidents at water bodies over the past day,
no dead. Compared to the APPG, the number of incidents has not changed
(for APPG - no incidents occurred). Compared to APPG, the number
the number of deaths has not changed (for APPG - there are no deaths). Compared to APPG
the indicator of the number of rescued did not change (for APPG - no rescued).
Since the beginning of 2022, there have been no incidents (in 2022 - 0, for APPG - 0),
no drowned (in 2022 - 0, for APPG - 0), the number of rescued did not change
(in 2022 - 0, for APPG - 0 rescued).
1.4 Biological and social environment
Sanitary and epidemiological situation on the territory of the republic
is under control.
3
1.4.1 Epidemiological situation
As of February 2, 2022, the following are registered in the Republic of Bashkortostan:
types of diseases per week:
Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome: in the republic
1 case of hemorrhagic fever was registered
with renal syndrome (APPG - 1), registered in Ufa
1 case of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome
(APPG - 0).
ARVI: in the republic - 54883 cases (APPG - 24194), including
in the municipality of Ufa - 24107 cases (APPG - 7886).
In accordance with the Decree of the Head of the Republic of Bashkortostan No. UG-124
dated March 27, 2020 "On Amendments to the Decree of the Head of the Republic of Bashkortostan
dated March 18, 2020 No. UG-111 "On the introduction of the "High alert" mode
on the territory of the Republic of Bashkortostan due to the threat of the spread
in the Republic of Bashkortostan a new coronavirus infection (2019-nCoV)"
management bodies and forces of the territorial subsystem function
in HIGH AVAILABILITY mode.
As of 02.02.2022, there are registered in the territory of the republic -
134265 cases of new coronavirus infection, discharged after recovery –
122230 people, 4784 people died.
1.4.2 Epizootic situation
Decree of the head of the Administration of the MR Baimaksky district No. 894
dated December 31, 2021 in connection with the identification of a focus of the disease of a large
cattle with the virus "Contagious nodular dermatitis" in the territory of the village. Urgaza
Zilairsky village council of MR Baymaksky district and for the purpose of prevention
further spread and development of the disease, a regime was introduced
"EMERGENCY" from December 31, 2021 until special
orders.
As of February 2, 2022, five
animal disease quarantines.
Description of the case Date of introduction
No. Municipal (type of animal/quarantine,
Locality
n / n education number of foci / document number,
fell ill/fell) signed by
From 13.12.2021
Rabies
Zianchurinsky No. UG-724 Decree
1 d. Sagitovo
district (KRS/1/1/1) Heads of the Republic
Bashkortostan
2 s. Urgaza, village Baishevo, Contagious From 12/30/2021
Baimaksky,
With. Ishmukhametovo, village of Yangazino, nodular No. 281 Order
Khaibullinsky
Oktyabr village, Sosnovka village, Control dermatitis
areas
e. Komsomol (KRS/-/-/-) veterinary
MR Baymaksky district of the Republic
four
and the village of Isyangildino,
 With. Tselinnoye Bashkortostan
MR Khaibullinsky district
From 01/12/2022
Abzelilovsky Rabies No. UG-10 Decree
3 s. Virgin
district (KRS/1/1/1) Heads of the Republic
Bashkortostan
With. Karmaskaly, d. Vostochny,
 d. Ant, with. Asavo-Zubovo,
With. Burikazganovo, s. New
Baryatino, p. Roshinsky,
With. Old Baryatino,
With. Talachevo, village Yeslevsky,
village Kazadaevka, village Kucherbaevo,
v. Markovsky, v. Maryevka,
d. Marshanovka,
village Mikhailovka,
village Novomukatovka,
d. Petropavlovka,
Sterlitamaksky, Podlesnoye village, Ryazanovka village, From 01/25/2022
African
Aurgazinsky, Solovyovka village, Strelkovka village, No. UG-29 Decree
4 plague
districts and the village of Sungur, the village of Cherkasy, Heads of the Republic
(Pig/-/-/-)
GO Sterlitamak village Chuvash Kuganak, Bashkortostan
With. Belskoe, s. big
Aksakovo, s. Ishparsovo,
With. Kosyakovka, p. Mariinsky,
With. New Krasnoyar,
With. Sadovka, s. Taneevka,
GO Sterlitamak,
Asavbashevo village, Vyazovka village,
village Dadanovka, village Zhuravlevka,
village Kamenka, village Krasny
East, village Sosnovka,
With. Maneevo, s. Meseli,
With. Semenkino
From 27.01.2022
Mechetlinsky Rabies No. UG-36 Decree
5 d. Taishevo, s / s Yunusovsky
district (Koshka/1/1/1) Heads of the Republic
Bashkortostan
2. Forecast of occurrence of emergency situations (hereinafter referred to as emergency situations):
2.1 Forecast of natural emergencies
Dangerous meteorological phenomena are not predicted.
Unfavorable meteorological phenomena are predicted:
02/03/2022 blizzard in places, wet snow sticking to wires
and trees, ice, wind gusts up to 18 m/s. Fog on some parts of the road
deterioration in visibility in phenomena of 500 m or less.
5
Weather forecast for 02/03/2022 - 02/05/2022
02/03/2022 cloudy weather with clearings at night. Small in places
snow, northwest to moderate. South wind 7-12 m/s. Temperature
air -3,-8°C, with clearings -10,-15°C. Cloudy day. Snow,
turning into sleet, blizzard in places, sleet sticking to
wires and trees, ice, snowdrifts on the roads, snow rolling,
sleet. South wind 7-12 m/s, gusts up to 18 m/s in places. Temperature
air -4,+1°C.
Fog on certain sections of the road, deterioration in visibility in phenomena
500 m or less.
02/04/2022 cloudy weather with clearings. Light snow with rain
in the north of the republic to moderate, in the southern regions without significant precipitation.
Ice in places, sticking of wet snow on wires and trees, on roads
snow roll, sleet, snowdrifts in some places. South wind 9-14 m/s,
in some areas gusts up to 17 m/s. The air temperature at night is 0.-5°C, according to
south to -10°С, in the daytime +1,-4°С.
02/05/2022 cloudy weather with clearings. Light snow in places
ice, snow on the roads, sleet. Wind south, southeast
7-12 m/s. Air temperature at night -2, -7°C, with clearing up to -12°C, in the daytime
0.-5°C.
Unfavorable weather increases the likelihood
occurrence of emergencies associated with damage (breakage)
Power transmission lines and communication lines, collapse of weakly reinforced, wide-format, dilapidated
and advertising structures, roofs of private houses and other objects,
violations in the housing and communal services system, falling trees. (Wet snow sticking to
wires and trees, ice, in places wind gusts up to 18 m/s).
2.1.1 Hydrological forecast
On the territory of the Republic of Bashkortostan emergency situations,
caused by the deterioration of the hydrological situation, is not predicted.
Risks of accidents, emergencies at water bodies
There are isolated cases of incidents associated with the death of people
on water bodies.
2.1.2 Biohazard prediction
Forecast of the epidemiological situation
The unfavorable sanitary and epidemiological situation persists in the republic.
situation caused by the coronavirus. Infection dynamics
remains, the number of cases in the coming days is expected
up to 1600 people.
6
Forecast of the epizootic situation
On the territory of the Republic of Bashkortostan emergency situations,
caused by the deterioration of the epizootic situation is not predicted.
2.2 Forecast of technogenic emergencies
2.2.1 Risks of industrial fires.
There is a high risk of man-made fires in residential buildings,
social and cultural purposes.
The main causes of possible fires can be:
1) in buildings for residential, socio-cultural and household purposes:
- short circuit or malfunction of the electrical wiring;
- the use of faulty electrical appliances or the use
devices with more power than the electrical network allows;
- malfunction of furnace or gas equipment;
- careless handling of fire;
- Violation of fire safety rules.
2) At industrial facilities and agricultural facilities
destination:
- short circuit or malfunction of the electrical wiring;
- violation of fire safety rules in the technological process;
- Smoking in undesignated places.
During this period, the possibility of household gas explosions in private
residential buildings due to violation of safety rules when using gas
equipment.
The analysis shows that the main causes of gas explosions in residential buildings
is the deterioration of the supply gas pipelines, household appliances and
equipment, as well as unauthorized connection of residents to gas networks.
A large number of gas explosions in residential buildings is associated with uncontrolled
population use of gas cylinders. three
A significant number of
hazardous production facilities where emergencies can
lead to man-made emergencies.
2.2.2 Risks of emergencies in transport
The risk of emergencies remains no higher
municipal level caused by traffic accidents,
as well as impeding the movement of vehicles, limited access
abilities on highways of federal, regional, local significance.
They are most likely to occur on:
M-5 "Ural" - 5 sections with a length of 4533 m (Tuymazinsky district -
519 m; Blagovarsky district - 703 m; Iglinsky district - 341 m, Chishminsky district
- 1672 m, Salavatsky district - 1292 m);
7
M-7 "Volga" - 2 sections with a length of 7741 m (Ilishevsky district -
4753 m, Dyurtyulinsky district - 2988 m);
R-240 "Ufa-Orenburg" - 7 sections with a length of 10326 m (Ufa -
412m; Karmaskala district - 743m; Sterlitamaksky district - 862m;
Kuyurgazinsky district - 1254 m, Meleuzovsky district - 3051, Aurgazinsky district
- 1876 m) including 1 section on the Western bypass road of Ufa - 2125 m).
2.2.3 Risks of emergencies at housing and public utilities facilities
The risk of emergencies caused by
accidents at housing and communal services facilities - heat supply facilities, hot and cold
water supply, gas supply and electricity supply.
The main causes of accidents in housing systems
public utilities are dilapidated equipment of boiler houses, thermal,
water and sewer networks, as well as the "human factor".
Separate local shutdowns of utilities are possible
energy resources, due to the breakage of power cables due to strong winds,
ice.
Accidents in housing and communal services and power systems in the territory of the republic
do not pose a threat to human life, but can lead to negative
consequences and disruption of the living conditions of the population.
Increasing the likelihood of emergencies
"violation of the living conditions of the population" to the municipal level,
associated with the collapse of weakly fortified, wide-format, dilapidated
and advertising structures, damage to the roofs of residential and socially significant
objects.
There is a possibility of occurrence of incidents related to
collapse of building elements and wide-span structures as a result of
snow load.
3. Recommended preventive measures to prevent,
prevention, localization of emergencies and elimination of their consequences:
Heads of administrations of municipalities of the Republic
Bashkortostan, within the framework of its powers, in order to protect the population and
territories from possible emergencies in the municipal units of the BTP
RSChS:
- to organize informing the population about precautionary measures;
- if the situation worsens, organize the introduction of appropriate
operating modes;
- to organize maintenance in constant readiness of emergency
rescue services and emergency response services to carry out emergency
rescue and emergency recovery operations;
eight
- organize checks of backup power sources and prepare them
to work;
- clarify the availability and composition of equipment involved in the elimination of accidents;
- Conduct checks and replenish, if necessary, reserves
material resources created to eliminate emergency situations;
- to clarify points of temporary accommodation for evacuation
population in case of emergencies (incidents);
- exercise control over the hydrometeorological situation;
- inform the population through the media about the predicted and emerging
emergency situations (incidents), security measures
population and territories, techniques and methods of protection;
- organize activities to prevent accidents and deaths
people in water bodies;
- control the timely cleaning of wide-span
structures as part of the prevention of collapse of building structures and
structures;
- in cooperation with officials of the bodies carrying out
state fire supervision, fire protection, with the media organize
strengthening fire prevention propaganda and informing the population about measures
fire safety;
- to organize epidemiological, epizootic control on
controlled territory;
- organize the work of life support camps, mobile
and stationary heating points on dangerous sections of highways.
To the unified duty and dispatch services of municipalities:
- ensure that the forecast is communicated to the heads of administrations and chairmen
CoES and FSC of municipalities, all interested services,
organizations, institutions and territorial divisions of the RSChS,
educational institutions;
- organize the delivery of the forecast and the need for
preventive measures to the heads of farms through the heads
administrations of rural settlements;
- inform the population through the media about the predicted and emerging
emergency situations (incidents), security measures
population and territories, techniques and methods of protection;
- inform road users through
HF radio communications about predicted adverse (dangerous) weather
phenomena;
9
- to clarify the number of emergency recovery teams,
stocks of material and technical means for carrying out emergency rescue
and emergency recovery work;
- in case of deterioration of the situation, threat or occurrence of an emergency, organize
immediate information interaction at all levels of management.
Deputy Head of the Main Department
(on civil defense and protection of the population) -
head of the civil defense department and
protection of the population
colonel I.G. Saetgareev
                                         DSSIGNATURE
Baysuakova Adel Ilshatovna
8 (347) 248-13-20
